
*Project proposal* (for Advanced Mobile Programming Course): 
  - This React Native mobile application is going to be used as a part of my Senior Design Project.
  - The application's main functionality is the ability for permitted users to scan a QR code and in that way enable tracking of their work time.
  - Permitted users are ONLY ones who are going to be able to access the application utilizing an access token. Without a valid access token, one cannot access the mobile application.
  - The QR code is going to be generated by a web application and it will hold the attendance data. After the user scans the code and selects one of two options (Clock-in/Clock-out), a request to the server is going to be sent and the mobile app should recieve a response.
  -  After the response is recieved, it should be displayed to the user.
  - Besides that, the manual attendance request feature is also going to be available. That feature allows a user to manually enter his start/end of working time (if user wasn't able to scan the QR code) and submit it, but it will be sent to supervisor for approval (happening on the web app) and the user will be notified about the result of the approval utilizing push notifications.

# Automating Time and Attendance Management - Mobile Application

## Overview
Overview
This repository contains the codebase for the mobile application component of my Senior Design Project, Automating Time and Attendance Management System. The mobile application is developed using React Native and Expo, providing a cross-platform solution for managing employee attendance on-the-go.

## Getting Started
To run this application locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository to your local machine.
2. Make sure you have required tools installed [Expo Installation Requirements](https://docs.expo.dev/get-started/installation/#requirements).
3. Navigate to the project directory and run `npm install` to install dependencies.
4. Run `npx expo start` to start the Expo development server.
5. Choose between Expo Go client or Emulator to see the app running -> [Open the app on a Device or an Emulator](https://docs.expo.dev/get-started/create-a-project/#open-the-app-on-your-device).